Reproducible Research Study Group (Michael's Notes)
===================================================

Study Group Meeting agenda
---------------------------

1. Governance. There will be no voting this (Dan)
2. Introduce the goals of the study group (Dan)
3. ISMRM Raw Data introduction (Michael)
4. MR-Hub (Craig, editor)
5. Open discussion: Topics for study group and format of meeting.
    * Neuroimaging community
    * Statistical analysis
    * [Center for Open Science](https://cos.io/communities/)
    * Guidelines for publishing reproducible papers
        * Engage with journals
        * Maybe a "Reproducible" label for papers?
    * Open Source Imaging
    * Future of MR-Hub
6. We should plan workshop. 


Action items:
--------------

* Write members to join (Michael)
* Write vendors to join (Michael)
* Contact Lukas Winter to set up meeting (Dan)
* Get testers/reviewers for MR-Hub (Craig)
* Send out study group proposa (Michael)


Brian's Notes from Call
========================

Dec 19/2016 Call
-----------------

Figure Study Group Agenda:
* Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary:  Dan Gallichan, Martin Uecker, Michael H.
* First “election” is some time Oct 2017-March 2018 (we should find out from ISMRM soon)

21st Century Cures Act: 
* NIH director should recommend data sharing.
* Dan to find out status quo for UK funding

ISMRMRD: 
* ISMRMRD governance / working group
* NIH soliciting contractors to work on more features of ISMRM-RD
    * Siemens interested in supporting this - not sure what that means.
    * Focus on getting representatives from major vendors
        * Philips asked to make contact with Bangalore.  Want to be able to export directly to ISMRM-RD
        * Orchestra (GE)people expressed interest.
    * Let’s get representatives from vendors on this sub-committee
    * Peter, Holger @ Philips, Matt Bingen @ GE
        
MR-Hub:
* Lots of interest at ISMRM, not as much when it came time to review.
* Craig suggests “Editor” model.  Have a specific position on study group.
    * Editor contacts people for review.
* Suggest more packages at Study Group meeting
* Move MR-Hub to RRSG, with Craig editor for first year
    * Opensourceimaging:  unclear it’s a sustainable effort?
    * Combine MR Hub + OSI, through study group we maintain sites.

What Else Should Study Group Focus on?
* Format of meeting?
    * Invited presentations?  Too much like rest of ISMRM?
    * Demonstrations of software?
    * Could have talks that don’t otherwise fit in ISMRM format?
* Workshop?
    * Reach out to Neuro colleagues ~ FMRI / Connectome
    * Statistical analysis folks.  (for workshop)
    
Actions:
* Michael to send RRSG guidelines?
* Craig (and all) to work on MR-Hub
* Brian to press ISMRM for details on RRSG
* Brian to loop Lukas Winter in with this group for a call.  Dan to organize call.
